Issue-6317- Added a disclaimer about the map directive (#8433)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/config-guide/multi-site/ms_nginx.md

   }
   ```

   {:.bs-callout-info}

>    The `map` directive might not work correctly since it runs only once for the same variable. And since the variables are evaluated only when they are used, the mere declaration even of a large number of `map` variables does not add any extra costs to request processing. So, instead of using `map` directive, we will set variable directly like, ```set $MAGE_RUN_TYPE store; set $MAGE_RUN_CODE fr;```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `map` directive might not work correctly, because it runs only once for the same variable. The variables are evaluated only when they are used, and as a result, the mere declaration even of a large number of `map` variables does not add any extra costs to request processing. Instead of using a `map` directive, the following example sets a variable directly, like ```set $MAGE_RUN_TYPE store; set $MAGE_RUN_CODE fr;```
```

Those triple backticks are not likely to render as desired. You probably only need one set.

>    The `map` directive might not work correctly, because it runs only once for the same variable. The variables are evaluated only when they are used, and as a result, the mere declaration even of a large number of `map` variables does not add any extra costs to request processing. Instead of using a `map` directive, the following example sets a variable directly, like `set $MAGE_RUN_TYPE store; set $MAGE_RUN_CODE fr;`

Reviewer 2: Not understanding the relationship between the directive running only once for the same variable, and declaring large number of `map` variables are evaluated only when used ...and does not add any extra processing costs.
```suggestion
   The `map` directive might not work correctly because it runs only once for the same variable. The variables are evaluated only when they are used, and as a result, even the declaration of a large number of `map` variables does not add any extra costs to request processing. Instead of using a `map` directive, the following example sets a variable directly, like `set $MAGE_RUN_TYPE store; set $MAGE_RUN_CODE fr;`
```
